
	Posiflex Cash Drawer OPOS Control Module for Windows Release Note

						Posiflex Inc. Taiwan, R.O.C.

						http://www.posiflex.com.tw
						posiflex@mail.posiflex.com.tw
						Tel: +886-2-22991599 ext. 810
						Fax: +886-2-22991819

						Oct 10, 1998


0.  Before installation
	Do not install this release over any previous release that may be on 
	the machine being used. If another version of the software is already 
	installed on the computer, please uninstall it using
	the 'Add/Remove Programs' function from the Control Panel.

1.  Overview
	We are glad to announce the release of the Posiflex Cash Drawer
	OPOS Control Module for Windows.
	By using this kit, you can easily build applications
	based on the OPOS Application Programmer's Guide Release 1.8.
	This kit is designed to be used with Microsoft Visual Basic v6.0
	or other 32-bit development environment.

2.  Files
	After installation, you have following files:

	POSI.OCX - Posiflex Cash Drawer OPOS Control Object
	FLEX.DLL - Posiflex Cash Drawer OPOS Service Object
	POSI.LIB - Posiflex Cash Drawer OPOS Control Object Import Library
	FLEX.LIB - Posiflex Cash Drawer OPOS Service Object Import Library
	POSI.TLB - Posiflex Cash Drawer OPOS Control Object Type Library
	FLEX.TLB - Posiflex Cash Drawer OPOS Service Object Type Library
	usbcr.dll - Posiflex USB HID Cash Drawer DLL

	TUNE.EXE - Posiflex OPOS Control Registry Manager
			( This program must be executed after installation )

	Demo.VBP - a Visual Basic 6.0 Demo Project
	FORM1.FRM - a Visual Basic 6.0 Form for the above project
	OPOSALL.BAS - OPOS 1.8 constants

3.  Installation
	To install Posiflex Cash Drawer OPOS Control Module,
	uncompress opos_cr.lzh to a subdirectory,
	run setup.exe and follow the instructions.

4.  Testing
	run Posiflex OPOS Manager and make appropriate choices
	turn on the Posiflex Cash Drawer which should be connected to the system
	start Visual Basic 6.0 and load demo.vbp
	make any changes needed on the project and run to test the cash drawer

	Note:
		In Posiflex OPOS Manager, you can double click an item,
		make changes, and hit "Replace" button to modify the setting.
		Press "Finish" button to leave the program and to active
		your modifications.

5.  Conflicts and limitations

	Does not support DirectIO, DirectIOEvent, and StatusUpdateEvent.

6.  Other Considerations

	If your application program is statically bound to the OPOS control,
	recompilation is needed.

	Supported COM port baudrates are 9600, 19200, and 38400,
		the default setting is 9600.
	CapStatus is true

